my name is James elterman and I'm the
owner and driver of the Takata time
attack and president I've been racing on
a budget for years so when sacada asked
me to come up with a livery for the car
I was really challenged I really wanted
to go to a professional design house but
honestly couldn't come up with the tech
bunch of that I leaned on the course of
community to try and generate some
designs my name is Andre Gary and I'm a
tutor and painter in the force of
community James came to the forza
motorsport forms saying that he had a
contest to design his race live read
when the idea was presented about having
something that you create in a video
game take a real life form that was a
thrill in itself there's really two
things that delivery has to accomplish
it has to clearly communicate what it is
that the sponsor is selling and it has
to be very eye-catching once he revealed
to us who his main sponsor was I did
research on what I could put on their
car that would best exemplify what they
do which is racing harnesses Andre
designed the graphics that you see on
the car entirely using the livery editor
in Forza Motorsport the accuracy of the
Forza game was tremendous and if you
look at the screenshots versus the car
in real life is a very accurate
representation how it ended up this
photograph was generated with forza the
cars painted of course there's no photo
enhancing done outside of forces it's
absolutely the best looking car on the
circuit and I have no reservations about
saying as far as satisfaction goes I
believe it's the ultimate satisfaction
hearing other race drivers compliment my
sign the feeling of satisfaction that I
get what I create the virtual world I
believe no different than what painter
sculptor does in real life I basically
had the best of both worlds where I
created something in a video game it has
also become of creation in your life as
well one of the great things about Forza
Motorsport is that the life of the game
really extends beyond the xbox it draws
from community of gamers and automotive
enthusiasts from all different
backgrounds and from countries all over
the world there's no other game that has
the level of customization and
user-generated content that before the
series does